[ios][docs] Update background modes configuration for iOS in multiple SDK pages (#32647)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/task-manager.mdx

import APISection from '~/components/plugins/APISection';
import { APIInstallSection } from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import { SnackInline } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';
import { PlatformTag } from '~/ui/components/Tag';

> `expo-task-manager` provides an API that allows you to manage long-running tasks, in particular those tasks that can run while your app is in the background. Some features of this library are used by other libraries under the hood. Here is a list of Expo SDK libraries that use `TaskManager`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`expo-task-manager` provides an API that allows you to manage long-running tasks, in particular those tasks that can run while your app is in the background. Some features of this library are used by other libraries under the hood. Here is a list of Expo SDK libraries that use `TaskManager`.
```

Since the libraries have their own section, let's update the intro to remove the colon.

<APIInstallSection />

## Configuration&ensp;<PlatformTag platform='ios' />

`TaskManager` works out of the box in the Expo Go app on Android. However, on iOS, you'll need to use a [development build](/develop/development-builds/introduction/).

Standalone apps need some extra configuration: on iOS, each background feature requires a special key in `UIBackgroundModes` array in your **Info.plist** file.

> Read more about how to configure this in the documentation pages for each of the [libraries](#libraries-using-expo-taskmanager) that use `TaskManager`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read more about how to configure this in the reference for each of the [libraries](#libraries-using-expo-taskmanager) that use `TaskManager`.
```
